feat: adding the OOP platformer project to new JS curriculum (#50385)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-intermediate-oop-by-building-a-platformer-game/64a2d19c5029ba166cb912e5.md

---
id: 64a2d19c5029ba166cb912e5
title: Step 29
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-29
---

# --description--

> The last condition you will need to add inside the `Player` class, is to make sure that the player remains within the boundaries of the canvas screen and doesn't move to far off to the left. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The final condition you need to add inside the `Player` class is to ensure that the player stays within the boundaries of the canvas screen and doesn't move too far off to the left.
```
